Docs: Reference recommended config disabled rules (#159)
eslint/eslint-plugin-markdown: README.md

};
```

#### Frequently-Disabled Rules

> Some rules that are useful for catching mistakes in regular source code are counterproductive to clarity and brevity in code snippets and examples.

Reviewer: Very complex and hard to read sentence.
```suggestion
Some rules are very helpful for catching mistakes in regular code do not work well for smaller snippets and examples.
```

> For example `no-undef` might flag uses of variables that code examples assume are already in scope, and declaring or importing them in every code block would distract from the point of each example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in snippets, `no-undef` might flag variables that are declared outside of the displayed code, because declaration is non-essential to the example being showcased.
```
